Hello friends
the math course today brings a
issue involving multiplication
happens more or also multiplication
with commas
I have here two numbers 3.78 6425
multiplied
then for multiplication normally
I put it on the side it's interesting
We put the number that has the most
ten more on top and the hot pepper
down
how do we know the number of
image dance is the following we tell
how many positions how many houses
records after the bible or number of
Up there, I have the village here.
so I have 1 7815 three tenths in the
number did not train more than
down the village is here but is on
right of the village a couple and I do not have
doubts if baxter made the following me
I put it on the side, I'm going to make a
education here รณ 3,785 multiplies 425 in
First of all, let's make a
application in the normal way as
would have multiplied integers and
In the end, I'll say you got the
Fireworks TRUCO good technique employed
to parliamentary us about the crazy
then two will be left over than the one written down in
top 1840 plus 2 42
47 3439 3 note here 33 18 as
there is nothing else we spoke with eight
and also put on the air an explanation
now we both use 15 now we go
to 225 since he did not come to fall
as well as being in the second position of
work of this second position 11 in 12
position 25 10 real season 28 16 in 17
so there is one again in 2014 plus 1 15
vote 5 here under 8 goes one year and
twice 36 plus a site made then
stay below
continuing 4 4 2 25 21 in
third position with 12 13 and which have
2 30 until I'm down here
there are 4 and 5 2010 and there are two left
not using attack 428 44 times 8
32 plus 2 34 goes 3 put 4 17 and 28
plus 31 so three left in the then school
three over here four times three
of three pounds and amount as with
15 points and there's nothing left to have
who stay 15 even then here we
will now add up to each hour in the
street that button is adding to the symbol
has nothing but two plus 10 out of 29
seven more normal 70 was not worth
nothing will be more 89 9 5 14 14 but with the
18 on the human plus 129 10 56
he is exactly the play an artifice to
good technique used in all the
two numbers 3 and the second number
two of those means that in
together they have 5 of the most
right if positions from it
23 45 and puts life after this
fifth position
perfect then the staff what we
we had was that our answer is
This one from here and continues to
up to our favorite channel and
subscribe to our channel gratefully
attention
to the next